all right here's the fog light I already
have it installed I'm going to show you
how to take out the
signal bunker to get to the fog light so
if you look on the inside there's a
looking ball right there that's a dusty
at school I mean screw you have to take
out once you unscrew that just front pop
signal bunker or signal light comes out
easily like that and then you're
supposed to be screws holding down this
fog light but to get off but once you
have this out you can just easy to this
alright wires you have to do connect the
red wire that comes with the other the
second set of wires to go to the front
bumper there red wires if you look on
the inside here there's a little blue
tape that I already cut off right there
cut it off orange orange wires and you
connect that to the red wire that goes
to the fog light no wires that that this
red wire connects with this orange one
and you can make these to the fog light
that's pretty much it that's how it
sensing painting you drag the wire all
the way down the cross over here and do
the same thing on this side and connect
it to this side and having fog lights
next over